// Q1. Extract description of friends with a given name Given a person’s firstName, return up to 20 people with the same first name, sorted by increasing distance (max 3) from a given person, and for people within the same distance sorted by last name. Results should include the list of workplaces and places of study.
// Q2. Find the newest 20 posts and comments from your friends. Given a start Person, find (most recent) Posts and Comments from all of that Person’s friends, that were created before (and including) a given Date. Return the top 20 Posts/Comments, and the Person that created each of them. Sort results descending by creation date, and then ascending by Post identifier.
// Q3. Friends within 2 steps that recently traveled to countries X and Y. Find top 20 friends and friends of friends of a given Person who have made a post or a comment in the foreign CountryX and CountryY within a specified period of DurationInDays after a startDate. Sorted results descending by total number of posts.
// Q4. New Topics. Given a start Person, find the top 10 most popular Tags (by total number of posts with the tag) that are attached to Posts that were created by that Person’s friends within a given time interval.
// Q5. New groups. Given a start Person, find the top 20 Forums the friends and friends of friends of that Person joined after a given Date. Sort results descending by the number of Posts in each Forum that were created by any of these Persons.
// Q6. Tag co-occurrence. Given a start Person and some Tag, find the other Tags that occur together with this Tag on Posts that were created by Person’s friends and friends of friends. Return top 10 Tags, sorted descending by the count of Posts that were created by these Persons, which contain both this Tag and the given Tag.
// Q7. Recent likes. For the specified Person get the most recent likes of any of the person’s posts, and the latency between the corresponding post and the like. Flag Likes from outside the direct connections. Return top 20 Likes, ordered descending by creation date of the like.
// Q8. Most recent replies. This query retrieves the 20 most recent reply comments to all the posts and comments of Person, ordered descending by creation date.
// Q9. Latest Posts. Find the most recent 20 posts and comments from all friends, or friends-of-friends of Person, but created before a Date. Return posts, their creators and creation dates, sort descending by creation date.
// Q10. Friend recommendation. Find top 10 friends of a friend who posts much about the interests of Person and little about not interesting topics for the user. The search is restricted by the candidate’s horoscopeSign. Returns friends for whom the difference between the total number of their posts about the interests of the specified user and the total number of their posts about topics that are not interests of the user, is as large as possible. Sort the result descending by this difference.
// Q11. Job referral. Find top 10 friends of the specified Person, or a friend of her friend (excluding the specified person), who has long worked in a company in a specified Country. Sort ascending by start date, and then ascending by person identifier.
// Q12. Expert Search. Find friends of a Person who have replied the most to posts with a tag in a given TagCategory. Return top 20 persons, sorted descending by number of replies.
// Q13. Single shortest path. Given PersonX and PersonY, find the shortest path between them in the subgraph induced by the Knows relationships. Return the length of this path.
// Q14. Weighted paths. Given PersonX and PersonY, find all weighted paths of the shortest length between them in the subgraph induced by the Knows relationship. The weight of the path takes into consideration amount of Posts/Comments exchanged.
